LITURGY LAB — SHAREABLE VIEWER
October 1, 2026

This package lets you explore four recordings alongside precomputed raw speech
recognition transcripts, suggested section locations, and Greek/English service
text. Nothing here runs an ASR model or LLM. Model output is experimental, not
verified captions or a live assistive service. Section suggestions can be wrong
or later than the actual start. See site/reports/ for findings and limitations.

QUICKEST TEXT-ONLY PREVIEW — NO INSTALLATION
Unzip the package and open site/index.html in a browser. Text, search, section
navigation and reference highlighting work directly from disk. For synchronized
YouTube playback, use the local-server instructions below. You can also choose
a matching local MP4 through the page's Choose local video control; it stays on
your computer and is not uploaded.

LOCAL VIEWER — MAC / WINDOWS / LINUX
1. Unzip the entire package; do not open it inside the ZIP preview.
2. Install Python 3 from https://www.python.org/downloads/ if needed.
   No Python packages, virtual environment, model weights or Apple GPU needed.
3. On Mac: double-click Start Viewer.command. If opening the launcher is blocked,
   open Terminal in this extracted folder and run: python3 run_viewer.py
   On Windows: double-click Start Viewer.cmd, or run: py -3 run_viewer.py
   On Linux: run: python3 run_viewer.py
4. Open http://127.0.0.1:8766/ if the browser does not open automatically.
5. Keep the terminal open. Control-C stops the viewer.
   If port 8766 is busy: python3 run_viewer.py --port 8767

VIDEO AND INTERNET
The small ZIP does not contain the recordings. YouTube playback requires an
internet connection and permission from the video owner to embed the recording.
Press Play inside the video. Section buttons seek; subtitles/reference follow
the player's actual time. Browser autoplay restrictions may require another Play.
If YouTube is blocked, unavailable, or disallows embedding, Source recording
opens its original page; playback in that separate tab will not synchronize here.
For synchronized offline viewing, choose your own local copy of the selected
recording. It must be the untrimmed original with the same timeline; selecting
another recording resets the local-file choice. No recordings are redistributed.

DATA AND PRIVACY
The package includes only the chosen Turbo + sequence runs, their source
provenance, and the reports. No saved human reviews, model weights, virtual
environment, original private specification, credentials or local file paths
are included. This is a read-only viewer; it does not save collaborator reviews.
YouTube receives normal embedded-player requests. Transcripts stay in this
static package; no recognition service is called. A public deployment makes the
included text/predictions accessible to anyone. Source credits and date-reference
caveats remain visible. Third-party content retains its original rights.

PUBLISH TO GITHUB PAGES
See PUBLISH-GITHUB-PAGES.txt. Only the CONTENTS of site/ go in your repository.
The same files work on any static web host; no backend or API key is needed.
